FACTS

proceeding_type(nino, europeanArrestWarrant).
person_status(nino, accused).
person_document(nino, europeanArrestWarrant).
person_status(nino, deprived_of_liberty).
person_speaks(nino, italian).
lawyer_language(nino, polish).
proceeding_language(nino, polish).
proceeding_matter(nino,arrest).

FACTS_END
TEST

1. Nino, an Italian citizen, who only speaks italian, was arrested in Warsaw, Poland, under a European Arrest Warrant issued by Italy. Nino is trying to argue against the execution of the European Arrest Warrant. He has been assigned a polish lawyer by the polish Government. The proceeding is in Polish.
2. Nino, an Italian citizen speaking only in Italian, was detained in Warsaw, Poland, following a European Arrest Warrant issued by Italy. He is contesting the warrant's execution. The Polish government has assigned him a local lawyer, and the proceedings are being conducted in Polish.
3. In Warsaw, Poland, Nino, an Italian national who speaks only Italian, was arrested under a European Arrest Warrant issued by his home country. He is arguing against the warrant's enforcement. A Polish lawyer has been appointed to represent him, and the case is being handled in Polish.
4. Nino, an Italian-speaking individual from Italy, was apprehended in Warsaw, Poland, in connection with a European Arrest Warrant issued by Italy. He is disputing the warrant's execution. The Polish government has provided him with a lawyer, and the legal proceedings are in Polish.
5. While in Warsaw, Poland, Nino, a speaker of italian, was arrested under a European Arrest Warrant from Italy. He is challenging the warrant's enforcement. A Polish attorney has been assigned to him by the authorities, and the proceedings are in Polish.
6. Nino, a citizen of Italy who knows only Italian, was detained in Warsaw, Poland, due to a European Arrest Warrant issued by Italy. He is attempting to contest the warrant. A government-appointed Polish lawyer is representing him, and the case is proceeding in Polish.
7. In Poland, Nino, an Italian speaker, was arrested in Warsaw under a European Arrest Warrant issued by Italy. He is opposing the execution of the warrant. The Polish government has assigned him legal counsel, and the proceedings are being conducted in Polish.
8. Nino, an Italian-speaking individual from Italy, was arrested in Warsaw, Poland, in connection with a European Arrest Warrant issued by his home country. He is arguing against the execution of the warrant. The Polish government has provided him with a lawyer, and the legal process is in Polish.
9. Nino, a citizen of Italy who speaks only Italian, was apprehended in Warsaw, Poland, under a European Arrest Warrant issued by Italy. He is disputing the warrant’s enforcement. A Polish attorney has been appointed to represent him, and the case is being conducted in Polish.
10. Arrested in Warsaw, Poland, Nino, an Italian citizen, is contesting a European Arrest Warrant issued by Italy. The Polish authorities have assigned him a local lawyer, and the legal proceedings are taking place in Polish.

TEST_END