FACTS

proceeding_type(luke, europeanArrestWarrant).
person_document(luke, europeanArrestWarrant).
person_status(luke, accused).
proceeding_matter(luke, arrest).
person_speaks(luke, italian).
lawyer_language(luke, polish).
proceeding_language(luke, polish).

FACTS_END
TEST

1. Luke, an Italian citizen, who only speaks italian, was arrested in Warsaw, Poland. Luke is trying to argue against the execution of the European Arrest Warrant. He has been assigned a polish lawyer by the polish Government. The proceeding is in Polish.
2. Luke, an Italian national speaking only in Italian, was detained in Warsaw, Poland. He is contesting the enforcement of a European Arrest Warrant. The Polish government has assigned him a local lawyer, and the proceedings are being conducted in Polish.
3. In Warsaw, Poland, Luke, an Italian citizen who speaks only Italian, was arrested. He is challenging the execution of a European Arrest Warrant. A Polish attorney has been appointed for him by the government, and the case is being handled in Polish.
4. Luke, an Italian-speaking individual from Italy, was apprehended in Warsaw, Poland. He is opposing the enforcement of a European Arrest Warrant. The Polish authorities have provided him with a lawyer, and the legal proceedings are taking place in Polish.
5. While in Warsaw, Poland, Luke, an Italian citizen with no language skills beyond Italian, was arrested. He is disputing the execution of a European Arrest Warrant. The Polish government has assigned him a lawyer, and the case is proceeding in Polish.
6. Luke, a native of Italy who speaks only Italian, was detained in Warsaw, Poland. He is attempting to argue against the implementation of a European Arrest Warrant. A Polish lawyer has been designated for him, and the proceedings are being conducted in Polish.
7. In Poland, Luke, an Italian citizen speaking exclusively in Italian, was arrested in Warsaw. He is contesting the validity of a European Arrest Warrant. The government has appointed him a Polish attorney, and the legal process is being conducted in Polish.
8. Luke, an Italian-speaking individual from Italy, was arrested in Warsaw, Poland. He is opposing the enforcement of a European Arrest Warrant. The Polish authorities have provided him with a lawyer, and the legal proceedings are taking place in Polish.
9. Luke, an Italian national who knows only Italian, was taken into custody in Warsaw, Poland. He is attempting to fight the enforcement of a European Arrest Warrant. The Polish government has assigned him legal representation, and the case is being conducted in Polish.
10. Arrested in Warsaw, Poland, Luke, an Italian citizen speaking only in Italian, is disputing the European Arrest Warrant against him. The Polish authorities have appointed a lawyer to represent him, and the proceedings are being carried out in Polish.

TEST_END