FACTS

person_status(mario, suspect).
proceeding_language(mario, dutch).
proceeding_matter(mario, questioning).
person_speaks(mario, italian).

FACTS_END
TEST

1. Mario, an Italian Citizen, who only speaks italian, while on holiday in the Netherlands, has been stopped by the police for questioning. He is the main suspect of a car theft. The proceeding is in Dutch.
2. Mario, an Italian citizen fluent only in Italian, was stopped by the police in the Netherlands during his vacation. He is the primary suspect in a car theft case. The proceedings are being conducted in Dutch.
3. While on holiday in the Netherlands, Mario, an Italian national who speaks only Italian, was detained by the police for questioning. He is considered the main suspect in a vehicle theft investigation. The case is being handled in Dutch.
4. Mario, an Italian-speaking tourist from Italy, was questioned by the Dutch police while vacationing in the Netherlands. He is the chief suspect in a car theft case. The legal process is being carried out in Dutch.
5. In the Netherlands, Mario, an Italian citizen who communicates exclusively in Italian, was stopped by the authorities for questioning during his holiday. He is suspected of being involved in a car theft. The proceedings are in Dutch.
6. Mario, a native of Italy who speaks only Italian, was vacationing in the Netherlands when he was questioned by the police. He is the primary suspect in a case involving the theft of a car, with the proceedings taking place in Dutch.
7. While visiting the Netherlands, Mario, an Italian citizen fluent solely in Italian, was detained by the police for questioning. He is the key suspect in a car theft case. The investigation and proceedings are being conducted in Dutch.
8. Mario, an Italian-speaking traveler from Italy, was stopped by police in the Netherlands while on holiday. He has been identified as the main suspect in a car theft. The case is proceeding in Dutch.
9. During his vacation in the Netherlands, Mario, an Italian citizen who knows only Italian, was questioned by the police. He is accused of being the primary suspect in a vehicle theft. The legal process is conducted in Dutch.
10. Mario, a citizen of Italy who speaks only Italian, was vacationing in the Netherlands when the police stopped him for questioning. He is under suspicion as the main perpetrator of a car theft. The proceedings are currently taking place in Dutch.

TEST_END